cdc: reformat Changefeed config and Server config (#19654)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/ticdc-server-config.md

- Default value: `300`
- Unit: MiB

##### `max-days`

- Specifies the maximum number of days to retain log files. This parameter is optional.
- Default value: `0`, indicating never to delete

##### `max-backups`

- Specifies the number of log files to retain. This parameter is optional.
- Default value: `0`, indicating to keep all log files

### sorter

#### `cache-size-in-mb`

- Specifies the size of the shared pebble block cache in the Sorter module for the 8 pebble DBs started by default.
- Default value: `128`
- Unit: MiB

#### `sorter-dir`

- Specifies the directory where sorter files are stored relative to the data directory (`data-dir`). This parameter is optional.
- Default value: `"/tmp/sorter"`

### kv-client

#### `worker-concurrent`

- Specifies the number of threads that can be used in a single Region worker. This parameter is optional.
- Default value: `8`

#### `worker-pool-size`

- Specifies the number of threads in the shared thread pool of TiCDC, mainly used for processing KV events. This parameter is optional.
- Default value: `0`, indicating that the default pool size is twice the number of CPU cores

#### `region-retry-duration`

> - Specifies the retry duration of Region connections. This parameter is optional and its default value is `60000000000` nanoseconds (that is, 1 minute).
> - You can configure this parameter in two ways: specifying only the number (for example, configuring it as `50000000` represents 50000000 nanoseconds, which is 50 milliseconds), or specifying both the number and unit (for example, directly configuring it as `50ms`).
> - Default value: `60000000000`, that is, 1 minute

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Specifies the retry duration of Region connections. This parameter is optional and its default value is `60000000000` nanoseconds (1 minute).
- You can configure this parameter in two ways: 
    - Specify only the number, for example, `50000000` represents 50000000 nanoseconds (50 milliseconds)
    - Specify both the number and the unit, for example, `50ms`
- Default value: `60000000000` (1 minute)
```
